Getting started document modified for cosmos db support (#2)
scalar-labs/getting-started-with-scalardb: README.md

![Q&A architecture overview](img/architecture_overview.png)

 It implements three basic Q&A features

- Question Listing
- Question Submission
- Answer Submission

Let's set up the environment for the demonstration so that you can try it out to have a better understanding of the functionalities. 
We will explain how to develop this application with Scalar DB and what differs to use Scalar DB with and without transaction.

This document contains different underlying storage/database (such as Cassandra, Cosmos DB) set up and configurations, Please follow any one of them.

## Install prerequisites

Following softwares are required to start the demonstration.

* Install [Scalar DB on Cassandra prerequisites](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-cassandra.md#install-prerequisites) if you use Cassandra as a backend database.
* Install [Scalar DB on Cosmos DB prerequisites](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-cosmosdb.md#install-prerequisites) if you use Cosmos DB as a backend database.
* Please install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

> Here we assume Oracle JDK 8, Node js and the underlying storage/database such as Cassandra are properly configured before starting this demonstration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we assume Oracle JDK 8, Node.js, and the underlying storage/database such as Cassandra are properly configured before starting this demonstration.
```

Reviewer: Please use proper naming and correct grammar (with Grammarly at least).

- Question Submission
- Answering Submission

Let's set up the environment for the demonstration so that you can try it out to have a better understanding of the functionalities. 
We will explain how to develop this application with Scalar DB and what differs to use Scalar DB with and without transaction.

> This document contains different underlying storage/database (such as cassandra, cosmos db) set up and configurations, Please follow any one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains different underlying storage/database (such as Cassandra, Cosmos DB) set up and configurations, Please follow any one of them.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

> ## Set up the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install prerequisites
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

> Please install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

Reviewer: Please make it a list like this. 
https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-cassandra.md#install-prerequisites

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

**For Cassandra**

> Please install [Scalar DB prerequisites](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-cassandra.md#install-prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install [Scalar DB on Cassandra prerequisites](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-cassandra.md#install-prerequisites) if you use Cassandra as a backend database.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

> OR 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Thank you for your review comment.
Document modified based on review comment.

**For Cosmos DB**

> Please install [Scalar DB prerequisites](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-cosmosdb.md#install-prerequisites).

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

> Here we assume Oracle JDK 8, Node js and the underlying storage/database such as Cassandra are properly configured before starting this demonstration.

Reviewer: Do we need this?

Author: > Do we need this?

Yes, I think it is helpful for confirming the installation.

> ### Install the database model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a database schema
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

> The schema files are located inside the [database/](database/) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema files are located in the [database](database) directory.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document modified accordingly.

    
2 schema files (schema_storage.json, schema_transaction.json) are available, depending on if you want to run the application using the [Storage](#use-scalar-db-without-transaction) or [Transaction](#use-scalar-db-with-transaction) mode.

> Then, download the scalar schema standalone loader that matches with the version you use from scalardb releases, and run the following command to load the schema.

Reviewer: Not friendly. At least, it needs a link to the tool.

Author: Thank you for your review comment.
Document modified with schema tool link.

### Deploy the frontend

> To run the front end, run in the [**/frontend**](frontend/) folder.

Reviewer: Is it correct to specify like `frontend/`?

Author: > Is it correct to specify like frontend/?

yes, It is working fine.

Modified like this `To run the front end, run in the [**/frontend**](frontend) folder.`
It will help to move to `frontend ` of particular branch.

Though, the current schema has its limitations. There can't be 2 questions created at the same time because these questions would have the same primary key. To avoid that we could add another id (UUID) as a second clustering key like the following.

```
{
  "qa.question": {
    "transaction": false,
    "partition-key": [
      "date"
    ],
    "clustering-key": [
      "created_at",
      "uuid"
    ],
    "columns": {
      "date": "TEXT",
      "created_at": "BIGINT",
      "uuid": "BIGINT",
      "title": "TEXT",
      "user": "TEXT",
      "context": "TEXT",
      "updated_at": "BIGINT",
      "number_of_answers": "INT"
    }
  }
}
```

> If it's need to specify `NETWORK STRATEGY` for Cassandra and `BASE RESOURCE UNIT` for cosmos DB, please see [Schema Tool for Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/tools/scalar-schema/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to specify `NETWORK STRATEGY` for Cassandra and `BASE RESOURCE UNIT` for Cosmos DB depending on your needs. Please see [Schema Tool for Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/tools/scalar-schema/README.md)
```

Author: Sorry for the inconvenience.
The document updated accordingly.

DistributedStorage storage = injector.getInstance(StorageService.class);
```

> **Note** : refers to the class constructor and the *createDistributedStorage()* method of [LocallyConfiguredStorageFactory.java](https://github.com/scalar-labs/indetail/blob/master/Q%26A_application/backend/QA/src/main/java/com/example/qa/dao/LocallyConfiguredStorageFactory.java) for more details

Reviewer: https://github.com/scalar-labs/getting-started-with-scalardb/pull/2/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R300

Is it true for Cosmos? (asking because I don't think so)

Author: Sorry, This document supports not only Cosmos DB but also Cassandra.

Reviewer: so, is it true? It's yes/no question.

Author: > is it true? 

yes, It will support Cosmos DB

### Impact on the data model

> To apply transaction, we can just add a key `transaction` and value as `true` in the Scalar DB scheme. For instance, we modify our qa.question schema.

Reviewer 2: `database/schema_storage.json` has a member `transaction`.
I think it is better to modify this context or remove `transaction` from the json file.
(`transaction` is `false` by default if you don't specify `transaction` in the schema file.)

Author: Thank you for the suggestion.
Document update accordingly.
